Add capabilities/platform documentation (#3542)
meilisearch/documentation: capabilities/platform/monitoring/indexing_performance.mdx

## Indexing latency (TTS)

The indexing latency chart tracks **time-to-search (TTS)**: the time from when an indexing task is enqueued to when the indexed documents become searchable. Latency is shown at four percentiles, measured in milliseconds: **p75**, **p90**, **p95**, and **p99**.

<Frame>
  <img src="/assets/images/platform/monitoring/indexing_latency.png" alt="Indexing latency TTS chart showing p75, p90, p95, and p99 times in milliseconds over time" />
</Frame>

| Percentile | What it means |
|------------|--------------|
| **p75** | 75% of indexing tasks completed within this time |
| **p90** | 90% of indexing tasks completed within this time |
| **p95** | 95% of indexing tasks completed within this time |
| **p99** | 99% of indexing tasks completed within this time — the slowest tasks |

TTS is the metric that matters most for use cases where freshness is important, such as e-commerce catalog updates or live content indexing.

## Batches

The **Batches** tab gives you a per-batch view of every indexing operation, along with a detailed trace of where time was spent. Use it when the TTS chart shows high latency and you need to identify the bottleneck.

<Frame>

>   <img src="/assets/images/platform/monitoring/batches_list.png" alt="Batches tab showing a list of processed batches with their status, index, batch ID, duration, and start time" />

Reviewer: The image is obsolete, there's no longer the right panel. Upon clicking, a full page opens showing all the batch information in a more user‑friendly view.

</Frame>

Each row shows:
- **Status**: succeeded, failed, or in progress
- **Index id**: which index was written to
- **Batch id**: unique identifier for the batch
- **Duration**: total wall-clock time for the batch
- **Started date**: when the batch began processing

> Click a batch to open its detail panel on the right, or use the eye icon to open the full JSON view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click a batch to open its details page.
```

Author: Applied the suggestion.

### Progress trace

> The detail panel includes a `progressTrace` object with timing for every internal step of the indexing pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details page includes a `progressTrace` section with timing for every internal step of the indexing pipeline:
```

Author: Applied the suggestion.

<Frame>

>   <img src="/assets/images/platform/monitoring/batch_detail.png" alt="Batch detail JSON panel showing progressTrace with per-step timing, internalDatabaseSizes, embedderRequests, and writeChannelCongestion" />

Reviewer: Update image with the new human-friendly view

| `processing tasks > computing document changes` | Diff between incoming and existing documents |
| `processing tasks > reading payload stats` | Parsing incoming document payloads |
| `processing tasks > indexing > extracting documents` | Extracting fields from documents |
| `processing tasks > indexing > extracting facets` | Building facet data |
| `processing tasks > indexing > merging facets` | Merging facet updates into the index |
| `processing tasks > indexing > extracting words` | Tokenizing document content |
| `processing tasks > indexing > merging words` | Merging word data into the inverted index |
| `processing tasks > indexing > writing embeddings to database` | Persisting vector embeddings |
| `processing tasks > indexing > post processing facets` | Finalizing facet search structures |
| `processing tasks > indexing > post processing words` | Finalizing word prefix structures |
| `processing tasks > indexing > building geo json` | Building geo search structures |
| `processing tasks > indexing > finalizing` | Committing the batch to disk |
| `writing tasks to disk` | Persisting the task record |

### Internal database sizes

> The `internalDatabaseSizes` field shows the current on-disk size of each internal data structure, along with the delta from this batch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internal DB table shows the current on-disk size of each internal data structure, along with the delta from this batch:
```

Author: Applied the suggestion.
